[theme music]
I want you to buy me dinner.
Let's go out this weekend,
and buy me dinner, Professor Ahn.
Yeah, sure. Let's invite everyone.
Just the two of us.
[light music]
Outside the hospital
and not in these scrubs,
but in our own clothes.
[light music continues]
I have plans this weekend.
I need to visit my mother in Yangpyeong.
I'm sorry.
[light music]
[theme music]
-Oh, that's awful.
-Hold on.
So, uh, let me get this straight.
The real estate agent told the owner
he signed a monthly rent,
but Dr. Do signed
for deposit-based apartment.
The agent gave the owner 20 million
and the first month's rent
and took the rest of Dr. Do's deposit.
[Seok-min] Yeah, that's what happened.
Damn it.
[sighs]
What's he going to do now?
He spent his entire life
saving up that money.
And he took out a hundred-million loan.
He lost all of his money
and has to pay back the interest too.
-Did the police catch the agent?
-The agent already bolted.
He reported it to the police, but…
they told him not to keep his hopes up.
Where are they going to live now?
They can live there and pay rent,
can't they?
The contract is nullified anyway.
The house owner just wants him
to pay the monthly rent.
So why don't they just stay there?
I guess paying 900,000 a month
comes easy to you.
-Oh, I'm sorry that was insensitive.
-It's fine. You don't have to apologize.
There's nothing wrong
with being born into a rich family.
Paying 900,000 a month
is way too much. He has to move.
Actually, Chi-hong,
they're going to stay here
until the end of this week.
His wife will go
to her parents' house in Paju,
and Dr. Do will be staying here
at a cheap studio for the time being.
After all that has happened,
I'm not sure if he can focus.
He's probably out of it right now.
[sighs]
No, I'm really not interested in it.
I won't do it.
Have you ever seen me take
a managerial position? I'll never do it.
Do you want to leave
the CS department without a chief?
I'm sure a few professors
would want the position.
Tell Professor Cheon to do it.
He'll have an easier time getting rebates.
No. The chairman said
he could never be the chief.
He won't let Professor Cheon
take over anything
except for the CS Department.
-He thinks he'll cause trouble again.
-If he is bound to cause trouble,
he should be investigated
and punished accordingly.
Why would he stop midway through?
-That's why you should take the position.
-Yes. Exactly.
I'm sorry.
[machine beeping]
[Jun-wan] Did you tell the perfusionist
that the patient has a left SVC?
[Jae-hak] Oh, right. I'm sorry.
I forgot to check on it.
You didn't confirm it
with the perfusionist?
I'm sorry.
[Jun-wan] Did you even look
at the ultrasound?
What are you doing? Get a grip.
Uh… I… I'm really sorry.
Do you want the kid to die?
Keep your personal life out of the OR.
If you can't do it, then leave.
I will, I will, I'm sorry.
[machine beeping]
I'll insert the vent catheter
to the coronary sinus.
[Seok-hyeong] Were you able
to reach Eun-won?
[Seon-jin] No. She's been having
a hard time with the night shift lately.
I'm afraid the death of the patient,
Yun Mi-seong,
must have really hit her hard.
She was already physically tired,
then she lost a patient.
I think that case triggered it.
Of course, it's hard.
There is so much work,
but we're short-staffed.
-And she's sleep-deprived.
-What happened?
Dr. Myeong has been MIA
since yesterday morning,
-no word for two days.
-[gasps]
What if she never comes back?
-[nurse 1] Hello, doctor.
-[Seok-hyeong] Yes. Hello.
Hello there.
-Uh, Dr. Chu.
-[Min-ha] Yes?
As soon as you hear from Eun-won,
please let me know right away.
Okay. I will, professor.
-Hello there. Hello, everyone.
-[patient 1] Hello, doctor.
[Ik-jun inhales]
[Ik-jun] Let's look at the CT scan.
Um…
All right, so this is
the right side of your liver.
Can you see this mass over here,
about two centimeters
deep on the right side?
It looks like you have cirrhosis
of the liver, too.
Uh, from your blood results,
your CEA level is high. Um…
I do think it's liver cancer.
[all gasp]
Oh, no.
[somber music]
[coughs]
It's only two centimeters.
We caught it early.
However, for liver cancer,
checking if it's operable or not
is what's really important.
First, we should take an MRI
in order to confirm
if my diagnosis is correct.
We also need to check
if the cancer has spread to other parts.
Surgeries are the best treatment plan
for liver cancer.
If the cancer has metastasized,
then we may have to change
our course of treatment.
[women sobbing]
Doctor Lee…
give it to me straight.
Will I live through this?
Of course, sir. You have to live.
-[sobbing]
-[Ik-jun] Hm…
I am really not sure if…
if this will comfort you in any way.
If this is operable, then it will mean
there's a big chance you'll survival.
So please don't think it's the end.
Let's be optimistic about it
and wait for the test result, okay?
Doctor Lee, um,
when can he get the surgery?
We want it done as soon as possible.
Let's get you admitted today.
Don't you worry, will run tests
to confirm my diagnosis.
And if it is indeed liver cancer,
then we're going to check
if it's spread or not.
[sobs]
Okay.
And, uh, one of my surgeries got canceled
the following Tuesday, actually, uh…
If the tests confirm that it's operable,
we'll perform your surgery then.
But… if the tests show
that the cancer has spread or is abnormal,
then the surgery date may change.
Once you go out,
the nurse will be there with you.
She'll explain
the hospital admission process.
[sobbing]
Please don't cry. You need to stay strong
for your father to stay strong too.
Okay.
Thank you, doctor.
[machine beeping]
[groans softly]
Professor Ahn,
do you have a headache again?
-Would you like some medicine?
-No, I'm good.
-Did you take her abdominal X-ray today?
-[Hyeon-hui] Yes.
How much drainage did she get
from the tube yesterday?
It was 50 two days ago. Today, it's 20.
It went down by a lot.
Oh, is that so?
Let's see.
[Jeong-won] Oh, wow.
It was really green yesterday.
Now, it's nice and clear.
[both chuckle]
[Song-hwa grunts]
Why don't you see a doctor for that, huh?
I can introduce you to one.
No, it's fine.
I'll take care of it myself.
Though I would like you
to introduce Bidulgi.
She's very busy right now.
I'll introduce you to her later.
So tell me, she is your girlfriend, right?
I'll tell you everything in another time.
What's taking Jeong-won so long?
He'll get nothing if he comes late.
-[door opens]
-[hurried footsteps]
There he is.
Look, how happy he is,
his patient must be doing well.
-Or is about to be discharged.
-Hey, guys.
Jae-i is pooping really well.
[chuckles]
Is that so? Congrats.
The color is beautiful,
and the shape is great.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
She poops right away
whenever she eats now.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
Her poo is so beautiful!
-Where's my bread? Where's mine?
-[sighs]
-Huh?
-[plastic rustles]
We finished it all.
It's turning into poop now.
[cell phone ringing]
Yes. Hello?
I'm on my way. Bye.
Uh…
-Hey, it's right there.
-[laughs]
There are valves in everyone's heart.
Uh, the blood only flows in one direction.
So the valves make sure the blood
doesn't flow backward
once it passes through.
Usually, one or two valves may leak
or shrink when babies are born.
We often have to perform surgery for it.
However, your baby is a very rare case.
Because of the valves in his heart
are leaking,
we didn't find anything unusual
from the genetic testing.
I can't diagnose your baby
because this is not a known disease.
For now, Hun's heart
can't pump blood out of his heart.
The blood just keeps flowing backwards.
His aortic valve regurgitation is severe,
so I can't put him on ECMO, either.
And when he was transferred
to our hospital,
he had brain damage due to either CPR
or genetic defect.
We must induce him with a high dosage
of diuretic to produce a bit of urine
since cardiac output
has greatly decreased.
He has severe pulmonary edema,
so we can't treat him
with more medication.
What about surgery?
If he gets surgery,
wouldn't he be able to live?
The survival rate is about 50 percent.
[sobbing]
We perform heart surgery
to improve patients' health.
But as for your Hun's case…
I don't know.
Surgery is the only option that we have.
It's difficult for me to tell you
what will happen during surgery.
But we can't just let him go
without fighting for him.
I can't guarantee
that I can make him better…
[inhales deeply]
…but there's no other way.
We should at least try.
Okay.
Excuse me.
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[sobbing]
[quirky music]
[keyboard clacking]
[awkward chuckle]
You should lean your back in your chair
and tuck your chin in
to avoid herniated discs.
Oh, okay.
Having a sedentary job must be so tough.
Here. It's all done.
You're the one with a hard job.
I mean, you always go home so late.
How did you know I go home so late?
Well, because you always
look tired, doctor.
Oh.
[chuckles]
I see.
MOM'S 70TH BIRTHDAY TRIP ACCOUNT
Will you make another savings account?
According to your record,
you're a long-term customer at our bank,
-so you'll get a good interest rate.
-Oh.
I plan to deposit a hundred thousand
a month in a new account.
But right now, I really have to get going.
-All right.
-So, have a good day.
Goodbye, sir.
By the way, I heard that…
your bank gives out dolls
when the installment savings matures.
-Oh, one moment, please.
-[both chuckle]
[keyboard clacking]
Hey, Mom, Song-hwa asked
if this is good enough.
Oh, yes, that's perfect.
[Jeong-won chuckles]
Wow, that looks beautiful.
You know, Song-hwa
is a beautiful and intelligent woman.
And she also has good sense.
-I don't get why--
-Why isn't she married yet?
No, dear. That's not what I meant.
Why doesn't she like my son?
[sighs]
If you married a girl like Song-hwa,
I could join the Lord even tomorrow
and have nothing else to wish for.
Oh, come on, Mom.
My dear son is sensitive and delicate.
Just like a beautiful flower.
And like flowers, you easily get hurt.
It'd be nice if you have
a reliable life partner like Song-hwa.
Listen, Mom, you're turning 70 soon.
I'll send you on a trip.
Just tell me where you wanna go.
I have to book it now to get tickets.
And we'll have a birthday party, too.
I'll make sure you're not lonely
even though Dad's not here.
I'll throw you the best party ever.
Forget it. I don't want a party.
No more throwing parties.
I want to go close,
like Southeast Asia with Song-hwa.
Or should we go to Jeju Island?
The four of us can go together.
It will be fun.
-Why the four of us?
-I have to take Jong-su with me.
[chuckles]
He's a lonely man.
What's the point
of having successful and rich children?
He has bruises all over
from his forehead to knees,
because he slipped and fell
in the bathroom.
[slurps]
[exhales deeply]
Oh, I haven't had this for a while.
Stop lying, Jong-su.
You always eat ramyeon at home.
It's been some time
since I've had cup noodles.
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
Your kids must've been scared.
What did Geon-tae say?
You called him, right?
No, I didn't.
Why bother him? He must be busy.
What about Tae-ung?
You should at least tell Tae-ung about it.
He's working on a big lawsuit these days.
He's working all night.
They are both busy right now.
Besides, it's a hassle when they come.
I'm better off alone.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Oh.
Hi, Rosa.
Me?
In Mr. Kettle's office.
Uh-huh. See you at the café
in about ten minutes.
Not the one in the lobby.
There's a new café
right in front of the hospital.
They have good drinks there.
Yes. That's it. That's the one.
[chuckles]
When have you been there?
Oh, good for you.
[inhales deeply]
It's nice, you go on dates
to cafés with your son.
[chuckles]
Okay, then.
[Jong-su clears throat]
By the way…
did you appoint a new chief yet?
Not yet. No one wants the job.
[exhales]
[gulps]
Playing golf is more fun
for the old professors.
Young professors prefer going home early
instead of getting 300,000
for the managerial position.
No one wants to be the chief
because they'll end up working more.
[sighs]
Besides, we don't have
that many NS and CS professors,
so it's harder to fill in the position.
Well, in NS there's the head
of Neuroscience Center,
Professor Min Gi-jun.
He's in charge of the center,
appears on TV, and also on YouTube.
He's a really busy guy.
You know what?
Make a young professor take it.
Just order someone to do it.
[sighs]
Jong-su, why don't you just retire?
Do you think that they still listen
to the director?
They all know exactly
what they want for themselves.
To tell you the truth,
I'm going to retire.
-Is that true?
-Yes.
I'll retire after three more years.
[sighs]
Jeez, Jong-su.
Mom, I have surgery. I got to go.
-Get something delicious with Mr. Ju.
-Okay. Go ahead, dear.
[cell phone ringing]
CHIEF PRIEST
Hello, Father, how have you been doing?
I'm afraid, Jeong-won left his phone here.
[chief priest] Oh, I see. Please relay
this message to Andrea for me.
All right, please go on.
They accepted their recommendation letter.
Please congratulate him for me.
His recommendation letter?
-They accepted it?
-[chief priest] Yes.
I just received this email actually.
The parish in Naples received
the recommendation letter,
and they said
they are willing to accept him,
so they'd like to see him in person.
I told them I'll give Andrea a call
and ask him when he will be available
to do the interview
and call them back right away.
I'm really sorry, Father.
Jeong-won won't be able to make it.
-Pardon?
-I'm very sorry. I have to hang up now.
My apologies, Father.
Where did I put my phone?
Ahn Jeong-won.
Yeah?
I just spoke to the head of the diocese.
They accepted your recommendation letter.
I don't need a fancy birthday party,
and I won't be sad
even if you don't throw me one.
You don't have to do that for me.
Just stay with me.
You don't need to live with me
or call me every day.
Just stay by my side.
Please, son.
Live a normal life.
That's my only wish.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[sighs]
This won't do it.
I really can't go on like this.
Stop talking back to me,
just give me some painkillers.
Uh, I notified the doctor,
but I didn't get the order yet.
So please wait.
Mr. Lee Jeong-bae,
I'll take your blood pressure.
The doctor will be here soon.
I'll dress your wound, okay?
Okay.
Are you telling me
that I have to be in pain like this, huh?
Does this hospital just let patients
suffer in pain? What is this place?
Excuse me, Mr. Lee.
-What's going on?
-I gave him his meds,
-but he keeps asking for painkillers.
-Which one?
An hour ago,
I gave him an ampoule of Tridol.
No, no, no. I don't want that one.
What was that called? Pethidine?
I want pethidine
or whatever that's painkiller called.
Sorry, sir, we can't give you pethidine
unless a doctor prescribes it.
Why do you need a doctor
to give me a shot of that stuff?
Just give me a shot of pethidine
and then leave me alone.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Can you get me
some Betadine balls, please?
[Yeong-ha] Okay.
Oh, come on.
Why are you being
so uptight about a stupid shot?
[breathes heavily]
Is giving me a shot that hard do, huh?
[groans]
Come on. A patient is in pain here!
I'm in serious pain right now.
[pants]
You're fine, sir.
The surgery went well.
And the wound is clean, too.
Keep an eye on him for a few hours
and then get back to me, okay?
Oh, okay.
All you do is cut people open.
You don't know anything.
Look, doc, I'm in real pain. Okay?
[panting]
Give me… Just give me pethidine.
Just give it to me!
Hurry up!
Are you addicted to narcotic painkillers?
[exhales deeply]
We already gave you a drip for the pain
and Tridol an hour ago.
If we give you a shot of pethidine,
you might end up losing consciousness.
So I can't prescribe it.
Do you still want it?
Forget it. Damn it.
Sir, I understand
that you are upset right now.
But you can't just say--
[man] She was fine
when she went to the hospital!
You guys messed up the surgery!
That's why she's still stuck in bed!
Listen, sir. The patient already…
[sighs]
Your wife, already had pneumonia
even before the surgery,
so I explained to you she would need
the ventilator for a long time
and she may need to stay in the ICU
for a long duration.
[man] Oh, it's okay
as long as you explain it?
You say you're her doctor,
but how much time did you spend on her?
If your own mother was on that bed
is that how you treat her, huh?
[sighs]
Okay, sir. I'm really sorry. Goodbye now.
[cell phone beeps]
Who was that? A guardian?
Ah… That was the husband of my patient.
[clicks tongue]
Look, she has pneumonia and is old too.
After her surgery, she's been
on a ventilator for quite some time.
[sighs]
I've been so busy lately.
Yesterday was the only day
I couldn't check on her.
[sighs]
I can't believe
he'd just attack me like this.
Why did you choose CS
when there are other easy departments?
They said I'd get ten million more.
Not a lot of doctors applied for this.
They said I'd get ten million more
on my annual salary.
[clicks tongue]
That's why I picked this.
What about you, Dr. Ahn?
Why did you chose NS?
You're not even well.
Why did you become a surgeon?
I saw a documentary.
Only neurosurgeons did surgery
while sitting down.
[laughs]
There are more surgeries
we do on our feet.
I mean, Professor Chae…
has a herniated disc.
Exactly. I didn't know any better.
[cell phone ringing]
What should I do? I'm screwed.
Hello, who is this?
[girl] Hi. I'm the daughter of the man
who just called you.
I was next to my father.
I'm really sorry, doctor.
Oh, I see.
My father is having a tough time
because of my mom.
He can't control his emotions well.
I am very sorry about that.
Oh, I see.
Look, uh, your father
was very rude on the phone earlier.
Look, I… I understand
that this is hard for him.
But treating me like that is just…
[boiling]
[clicks]
[sighs]
[door opens]
Whoa, what's going on?
You going to a wedding?
You're wearing contact lens.
Yeah, a school friends',
but we are not really close.
If you're not close, why go?
She came to my second
and third brothers' weddings.
So I should go to hers.
[sighs]
You don't have to go
to everyone's wedding.
I mean, that sounds exhausting,
don't you think?
What kind of life is that?
She must be loaded seeing that her wedding
is on a weekday afternoon.
[chuckles]
Jeong-won is buying dinner.
Can you come or not?
I have to go. Father Ahn is buying dinner.
[Song-hwa] I'll join you
right after the wedding.
-Oh, the kettle is hot.
-[kettle thuds]
[inhales deeply]
It burns.
[Song-hwa] How will you do surgery
with these fingers? Ugh.
You should be more careful, you know.
-Just how old are you?
-Forty.
[sighs deeply]
Hey, hold on.
Look my pinkie is fine.
[exhales deeply]
Come on now.
Let's see now.
I don't have surgery tomorrow.
I have two in two days,
but I think I can do it.
[Song-hwa] How will you perform surgery
with these?
The burns weren't that bad.
Wait, wait, hold on a second.
Did you just turn me to Demetan Croaker?
Don't you think this is too much?
You're right.
I wrapped it too much.
I'll fix them for you later.
Just stay like that for now.
Anyway, I'm leaving.
Wait, you're going to leave me like this?
Yeah.
You won't die from it.
See you later.
Hey. Wait. Do you want me
to fill the Rainbow Pond with my tears?
[hums "Demetan Croaker, The Boy Frog"]
-Didn't you go to the hospital?
-I did.
I went there yesterday and the day before.
In fact, I've been there since 8:00 a.m.
-Hey!
-[laughs]
Oh, I don't need to get this checked out.
I'm really fine.
No, you're not.
[gasps]
That looks awful.
Did you break a bone, huh?
What did your kids say?
[exhales]
They don't know.
-And why not?
-Because I didn't call them.
-[sighs]
-[Jong-su soft chuckles]
Look, it's not like I'm dying.
Why would I call them
for something like this?
What would you like to drink? Coffee?
You like decaf, right?
[groans]
Oh, goodness. This hurts a bit.
-[Jong-su groans]
-Oh.
[Rosa] You don't know
your son's phone number?
[clears throat]
My oldest son…
moved to a new hospital in LA this summer.
He moved to a new house
and changed his phone number.
Then why don't you can ask
your second son?
No. He doesn't know, either.
Besides, Tae-ung is busier.
[inhales deeply]
It's been over two months since I saw him.
-Why do you live like that?
-What do you mean?
I'm living a good life
without my children.
Did I tell you to rely on them?
Did I tell you to live with them
and eat together all the time?
They are your children,
and you're their father.
You call your family when you're sick
and celebrate happy occasions together.
That's what families do.
Why are you here all alone?
That's pathetic.
-This is annoying.
-Goodness.
I'm happy for them.
They're both making good money
and living wonderful lives.
I'm really all right.
After my late wife got sick,
I got better at cooking, eating alone,
and doing my laundry.
I'm doing quite well, so don't worry.
[chuckles]
When your wife was sick,
how many times did your sons
come to see her?
They came to visit her only once.
I mean, their own mother was bedridden
for seven years,
unable to move, but they came only once.
How the hell did you ever
raise your children, Jong-su?
You're so frustrating and annoying.
Oh, you're such an idiot!
[sighs deeply]
[sniffs]
-Song-hwa, here.
-[Song-hwa] Oh.
Excuse me, ma'am,
could you give two servings to that table
and three servings to ours, please.
Mom, Jeong-won is buying dinner tonight,
so we're at a tteokbokki restaurant.
I know, right?
Rich people are such cheapskates.
Okay. Sleep well. Goodnight.
Hey, Andrea, can we get
a serving of the jjajang tteokbokki?
Sir, you two soldiers, go right ahead.
Excuse me, two servings
of jjajang tteokbokki, please.
What's the occasion, Jeong-won?
Did your savings account mature?
He did. He put in 100,000 won every month
for three years.
He'll send his mom on a trip
for her birthday.
Then what about you, Jeong-won?
What will you spend your salary on?
What's wrong with your hands?
Are you copying Inside Men?
He recklessly burned his fingers.
The director told him off earlier.
Jeong-won, send your mom to Mojito
and have her drink a glass of Maldives.
[laughs]
Is that really funny to you?
Yeah. I love his jokes.
[laughs]
Go ahead, Jeong-won,
you can just tell us right now.
-Tell you what?
-I'm sure your father
left something modest in your name
before he passed. Right?
I mean, think about it, huh.
You're the only son he left in this world.
Thank you so much.
Actually, my dad did pass
something down to me.
-What?
I just found out…
that he's been secretly donating
two million won
to an orphanage every month.
-Uh, it's far from ready.
-I know, I know.
You're no fun at all, Jeong-won.
-You're no fun.
-Hey, is it cooked?
-I think it was an automatic transfer.
-No.
So since I took that over,
I've been donating every month.
Uh, Jeong-won,
why don't I pay for the dinner instead?
That would make me feel at ease.
Hey, guys, dinners on me.
So order as much as you want.
-Will you?
-Yes, that would be much better.
-No, guys. I'm paying for it. It's okay.
-[overlapping chatter]
-Can I order some dumplings?
-Of course. Go ahead.
Excuse me, two dumplings, please.
Uh, ma'am, I'd like a can of Sprite
and some noodles, please.
-Oh, a can of Coke for me.
-I want cheese too.
Guys, come on. I can totally pay for this.
My savings account, it just matured today.
-I said I was buying dinner.
-No, it's fine.
-Let Seok-hyeong pay for it.
-It's like taking money from a poor man.
Excuse me, ma'am, I'll order
two servings of tteokbokki to-go, please.
I want my takeout cooked, please.
Seok-hyeong, how's your mother
doing these days?
What do you think?
It's back to square one.
Oh, my goodness,
have some mercy on us, merciful Buddha.
I bet she won't divorce him now.
Hmm. She won't do it, no matter what.
I don't know what to do now.
Even if he gives my mom
all of his properties
and the entire company.
She's never going to divorce him.
Then, will all the buildings
and properties…
be yours when your mother passes away?
Yeah, probably.
Hey, can you list me and U-ju
under your family register by any chance?
You don't have any children anyway.
Adopt me and U-ju as your sons
or something.
Look, Ik-jun,
it's only a ten-story building.
And a lot of stores are vacant.
Don't you know my mom by now?
She'd rather have them vacant
than lower the rent.
-Right. That's true.
-[tongue clicks]
-[scoffs]
-Oh, that's right, Dad.
Did the, um… Did the resident
who went MIA come back?
Not yet. How do you know about that?
Oh, my son is so nosy.
I heard people talking.
Everyone at the hospital knows.
I heard about that, too.
It must've been hard on the resident.
Be nice to her when she comes back.
[inhales deeply, clicks tongue]
Of course.
[sighs]
-Hey, Dr. Chu.
-Huh?
I hope you have some time for a snack.
Yes. I totally do…
[chuckles]
It's non-alcoholic.
I really have to drink this,
because if I don't I might go crazy
and make a scene.
[forced chuckle]
[gulping]
[screeches]
[light music]
I'll be on night shifts forever.
I was on a night shift yesterday,
and today as well.
And I'll be on call tomorrow.
[sobbing]
My colleague isn't helpful at all.
She's such a pain in the ass.
Is she the only one suffering?
Did I ever come to work shouting,
"Yeah! I get to work today!"
Does she think I like working?
[sobbing]
Oh. Ms. Han, had I known
it would be this hard,
I would have stayed in the lab
it was much easier than this.
And to think, I was sick
of staying in the lab every day.
I became a doctor
since all I ever did was study anyway.
[sniffles]
Look at me.
The only colleague I have
is the sliest colleague ever.
And my professor is the most
slow-witted slug I've ever met in my life.
[sobbing]
[sighs deeply]
I'm done.
As of today,
my career as a doctor is going to end.
I'll put an end to this.
Tomorrow morning,
I'm going to tell that slimy-slug.
Look at me. I'm an excellent doctor,
I didn't run away from my job,
and I'm good to my professors.
So, why? Why does he only comfort her?
I mean, Eun-won ran away from her job,
I can't reach her,
and she's not even diligent.
Tell me, why is he only nice to her? Why?
[pants]
[grunts]
Min-ha isn't here yet?
[door opens]
Professor Yang.
It's already getting pretty chilly.
Have a cup of coffee. Here you go.
-[chuckles]
-Oh, okay. Thank you.
-I'll bring them in now, doctor.
-[Seok-hyeong] Okay.
How much drainage?
No need, I'll check it myself. Okay.
[Ik-jun pants]
Jun-wan, please wash my face for me.
No way. I hate touching other men's faces.
Hello.
So cute!
[chuckles softly]
There you are, Jeong-won.
I knew I'd find you here.
What's up?
-Help me wash my face.
-What?
I couldn't wash up last night
and this morning.
And you already know, it feels like
there are, urgh, bugs all over my face.
[scoffs]
-Do you need a shower? I can help you.
-Hm?
But you do know
that my showers last an hour, right?
I'll help you wash your face.
But I'll be really thorough with you.
All right. Seriously.
PROFESSOR CHAE SONG-HWA
You're my last hope, Chae Song-hwa.
I have faith in you.
[Ik-jun] Oh, sorry.
I'll come back another time.
No, it's fine. I'm done putting them on.
Okay.
What the hell happened to you?
You didn't wash up.
Oh, man.
[grunts]
Oh.
Oh, that feels so good.
Whenever patients see me,
they always ask me
when they can wash up and wash their hair.
Now, I get it.
I can finally breathe again.
[grunts]
Should I wrap your fingers again?
-You can take them off now.
-I need to go see the hospital director.
Gyeo-ul caused some trouble.
Let's have lunch together.
Can you wipe my neck a bit more?
Oh, that feels so nice. This side too.
[door opens]
Are you all Dr. Jang's supervisors?
Right. She's in GS.
Yes. It's about my patient.
She's with my department this month.
-Did it all work out?
-[Jeon] Yes.
-Luckily.
-[sighs]
[Jeon] It turns out
the patient was a real drug addict.
He got out of prison only a month ago.
He probably doesn't want any trouble,
so the CS Department Chief apologized,
and we'll reduce his medical bills.
[sharp inhale]
Everything was resolved.
[tongue clicks, sighs]
Getting calls from the CS Department
is the scariest thing. It really is.
Anyway, tell the residents
to be more careful, okay?
I know their job is difficult,
but what's the point
of treating patients day and night?
If they say something wrong,
we get complaints right away.
Then, the hospital has to comply
with all of their demands.
And if that happens,
we might end up with serious problems.
Thank you for your effort.
I'll, uh, I'll go talk to her.
By the way,
I don't think that
Dr. Jang was completely wrong here,
but I'll definitely talk to her.
I'll go ahead.
A guardian wants to see me.
I need to go now.
OFFICE OF THE HOSPITAL DIRECTOR
I'm really sorry.
It's all right. Have a good day.
Oh, you startled me.
Um, what are you doing here?
How did things go in there, Professor Lee?
It all worked out well.
He'll take down the post.
Everything is resolved now.
-So don't worry.
-[sighs deeply]
Do you want some coffee?
I heard once I'm past 12 weeks,
my pregnancy is safe.
And you said nuchal translucency
was also fine.
Doctor Yang, does that mean
I don't have to worry anymore?
Actually, there is something
that concerns me.
On your ultrasound, we can see that
there's a lot of blood around the uterus.
Finding blood in the uterus at 12 weeks
isn't that common.
In this case, it may increase the chance
of a natural miscarriage.
She has to get lots of rest
and be careful as much as possible.
Also, if you see any bleeding,
you must come to the ER at any time.
Ah, for now, I'll prescribe you
with progesterone,
so it will help
your uterus stabilize, okay?
Please don't worry too much.
I'm going to keep checking.
No matter what, we'll keep this baby safe.
[sniffles]
[breathes heavily]
[upbeat music]
[sighs]
Okay.
I texted Jeong-won to come.
Let's wait for him.
Wouldn't you rather
have him comfort you than me?
No, it's fine, that's not necessary.
I'm really sorry.
[sighs deeply]
Don't be disappointed
in the director or the hospital.
There will always be some good days
and bad days, you know.
And keep your chin up, Gyeo-ul.
And something like this happens again,
just make a decision
based on your principles, okay?
Thank you, Professor Lee.
And I don't really think…
Professor Ahn will come.
He's been staying in PICU these days.
[clicks tongue]
Oh, why is Jeong-won always like this?
What's wrong with that guy?
I just hope he can be half as nice
to you as he is to my son, U-ju.
[soft chuckle]
Hey, you know, he really loves kids.
Yeah. Just last weekend
he came over to my house
and played with my son the whole day.
I'm telling you.
So he was with you?
Professor Ahn went to your house
last weekend?
-Mm-hmm.
-And on Sunday too?
He came on both days. Why?
[sighs]
He told me he had to go
to Yangpyeong last weekend.
He told me that he was really busy.
[gasps]
I think it's a sign
that I should just forget it.
If Professor Ahn is lying to me,
then I should stop pursuing him.
Thank you for keeping my secret
this whole time, Professor Lee.
And thank you for the coffee.
Uh…
Ah…
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[keyboard clacking]
[Seok-hyeong] Hi.
Dr. Chu.
Mrs. Park Seon-yeong,
the one who gave birth at dawn
had a deep laceration,
so I made lots of sutures.
-How's the episiotomy?
-Oh, uh…
It was fine after the delivery
before going up to her room,
but I haven't checked it yet.
I'll check on it right away
and notify you. I'm sorry.
Check on the patients
once they go up to the ward.
-[Seok-hyeong] Okay?
-Okay. I'm sorry.
Oh, hello, Eun-won.
Hello, everyone.
Are you all right?
Yes. I'm sorry for worrying you.
Don't go to the other department
for now. Just stay on mine.
I'll straighten things out.
Oh, my. Look at you, Eun-won.
You lost so much weight.
Go home early tonight.
No, I'm all right, doctor.
I'll go home right after I finish my work.
[soft chuckle]
Okay.
Professor Yang,
I'll take over your patients
who are getting admitted
today and tomorrow.
And Dr. Chu, I'm really sorry.
This will be the last time
I'll ask you to take my night shift.
I'm really sorry.
Uh, no, it's okay.
[sighs]
Hey, Ms. Han.
Mrs. Do Jae-yeong will be coming up soon
after the admission process.
Oh, that right. It's today.
Mrs. Do Jae-yeong will be admitted
this afternoon.
She's sensitive because
she's coming in for preterm labor.
Please, take good care of her.
If the contractions are regular
and her stomach hurts,
check her cervix for dilation.
The baby is only 30 weeks old,
so check the monitor frequently.
Okay.
[Min-ha] Excuse me, I'm going to check
on a patient with contractions.
Also, Ms. Han, this is for you.
-What's this for?
-Ms. Do Jae-yeong wrote down
a list of things that the medical staff
has to follow.
Someone delivered it to me.
You should take a look.
Hm.
I WANT ONLY MY HUSBAND TO MASSAGE ME
DIM LIGHTING WITH CANDLES
ALL THE STAFF MUST BE FEMALE
EXCEPT FOR THE PROFESSOR
[indistinct chatter]
Who spoiled the mood here?
[sighs]
He's really tired
from getting all the tests today.
Doctor Lee, when will we have
my father's results?
We'll have them in two days
at the earliest.
Sir, did you eat anything?
I really don't have much of an appetite.
I just want to get the surgery done
as soon as possible, doctor.
You have to eat your meals,
and you have to cheer up,
especially at a time like this.
Doctor Lee.
If the cancer spreads to other organs,
I can't get the surgery, right?
I heard when spreads,
it spreads quickly,
so I won't be able to beat the cancer.
Oh, stop, Dad!
We haven't gotten the results yet.
Why are you saying that?
And even if it did spread, you can get
chemotherapy and take medication.
There's a way to fix it.
You know about this better than I do.
[Jung-won's wife] Doctor Lee.
I can't seem to eat at all.
None of us can eat anything
because we are so worried about him.
[breathes deeply]
Don't you two need to go to work?
Um, I took some days off of work.
But she has a teacher's exam.
I told her to go study,
but she won't listen.
At the moment,
the whole family is on pause.
Oh, no.
[sighs]
[dramatic music]
[rattles]
-How about we do this?
-Pardon?
Why don't we move the patient
we just saw, Choe Jung-won,
to a six-person room?
We should suggest that to them.
-Oh, that's a great idea.
-Okay.
[chuckles]
-Can you help me open this?
-Yes, sure, I got it.
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah, this is Kim Jun-wan. Yeah.
[sighs deeply]
Come on.
Okay. I'll be right upstairs.
This has to be a déjà vu.
Something like this happened a while ago.
Oh, my head.
[Myeong-tae] He said the guardian
was rude on the phone.
Unbelievable.
He should have just cursed at her.
If I heard something like that,
I'd complain too.
Someone tells you
your father is rude on the phone.
Who'd stay quiet after that?
Why does his daughter
have to be a lawyer though?
And on top of that,
she's very well-connected.
I barely managed to stop her
from talking to the TV station.
So what do they want? An apology?
A handwritten apology? That's not enough.
They don't even want money.
Then what are they asking for?
Proper punishment.
They want us to show them
that the hospital is taking
this whole situation very seriously
and how much we want to mend this
by penalizing the resident.
And what did you tell them?
A pay cut for three months.
A pay cut over something like this?
Well, they're being quiet now
because that's what I told them.
[inhales]
They told me that they'd think about it,
which means they're not unhappy with it.
Any thoughts, Professor Kim?
Let's go with this
and sort out the situation.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[sighs]
All right. I have an emergency patient.
Please excuse me.
Hello?
Yeah.
I think I'm not living my life well.
I studied for the bar exam for six years,
yet I made a dumb mistake
when I signed my lease.
[sighs]
And what kind of chief resident
talk such nonsense
to someone who is devastated…
because of their sick mother?
Ah, seriously. What is wrong with me?
I'm bad at my job because I'm stupid.
There's nothing I can do about that.
My existence is hurting others.
[sighs deeply]
Hey, Seok-min.
Uh, if you ever run into me…
at a hospital somewhere,
don't pretend you don't know me.
For how many years, you and I've been
-through thick and thin, you know.
-Wii you shut up?
What the heck are you talking about?
Huh? Have you gone mad?
Why are you quitting? Why would you quit?
I'm not letting you quit.
[sobbing]
You're right.
You're right, I can't quit.
[crying]
I'm working the night shift today.
Damn it. I have to go.
[sighs deeply]
Mrs. Do Jae-yeong isn't here yet?
No, but she's coming up now.
Before I leave, I'm going to check her in
then you can take over, okay?
-[nurse 1] Okay.
-Hey.
Uh, Mrs. Do Jae-yeong is my patient,
but I have to go into the OR now.
Can you please have
the doctor on the night shift
take care of the patient for me
while I'm gone? Thank you.
[nurse 2] Oh, sure.
What the…
[Eun-won] Hello there.
[nurse 2] Oh, we're not even done
setting up yet.
Why did you come so early?
The professor left just now.
The C-section ended a few minutes ago.
Oh, I wanted to help you
with the preparation.
Dr. Myeong, you're scrubbing in?
I was expecting the chief resident.
[soft chuckle]
I want to watch and learn, Professor Yang.
I still have a lot to learn.
All right, sounds good.
I'll be in my office.
Page me when everything's ready.
Will do, Professor Yang.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
CHU MIN-HA
Dr. Chu.
Yeah.
Everything seems okay
with the patient, Do Jae-yeong,
but she doesn't feel any movement.
She wants you to check.
Again? But this is the third time.
Shit.
[Min-ha] Well, the baby is moving.
It's probably just
that you can't really feel it.
Everything looks good here
so we'll just wait and see, all right?
Doctor Chu, did you wash your hands?
Yeah, I did before I came into the room.
So you don't have to worry.
I don't want to be hooked up to a monitor.
It's so uncomfortable, I can't sleep.
Can you just take it off?
Well…
If I take it off, then we can't really see
how the baby is doing,
and we will all be worried.
I know it's uncomfortable,
but we have to keep it on.
Why don't you just take it off
and check in on me more often
instead, Doctor Chu?
Ah…
[awkward chuckle]
[alarm blaring]
[gasps]
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[suspenseful music]
[gasps]
[cell phone ringing]
CHIEF DO JAE-HAK
[cell phone ringing continues]
[sighs]
[light clicks]
[Jun-wan] Why me? I'm not even the backup
for the night shift today.
Isn't she Professor Cheon's patient?
[Jae-hak] Yes, I know she's his patient
and that he's the backup
for the night shift today.
But the thing is, when he was leaving,
he told me not to call him.
Oh, jeez.
He told me to just go ahead
and make my own decisions,
but I'm not sure whether I made
the right decision or not.
How much epinephrine did she get?
[Jae-hak] 0.2 micrograms
but the BP keeps dropping,
and the test results aren't so good.
We've been adjusting the setting,
but CO2 keeps filling up.
And her BP is hovering around 50 to 60.
I'm wondering if we should open the chest
and do a shunt revision,
but I'm not sure.
What should we do, professor?
All right. If the BP keeps dropping,
try using vasopressin.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
[light music]
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok]
[soft chuckle]
[machine beeping]
We don't need to open her chest for this.
You watched her well.
PEDIATRIC INTENSIVE CARE UNIT
[Jae-hak] Ah, Professor Kim.
Ah, Professor Kim,
I have to talk to you about something.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Here, the guy in the picture
is my ex-colleague,
and he's been asking me to set him up
with a fellow doctor.
I think you should meet him.
No more one-sided crush.
[grunts]
[sighs deeply]
It's all right, Min-ha.
No. It's not all right.
I've already set a date and time for it.
[laughs]
Tomorrow at 7:00 p.m.
Look for a black SUV.
He'll be waiting for you
at the entrance by the ER.
Just go and have dinner with him, Gyeo-ul.
I know you're busy,
but you still need to eat.
Okay.
Oh, good. That's what I like to hear.
Now that that's settled,
let's get some sleep.
[Min-ha groans]
ELAPSED TIME
[machine beeping]
[dramatic music]
[sighs deeply]
It just keeps ripping.
[inhales deeply]
Professor, it is better
than before the surgery,
but it still keeps leaking.
I'm afraid there's nothing more we can do.
The annulus is small, to begin with,
so we can't tighten it.
And the leaflet isn't fully developed yet,
that's why I keep cutting through it.
I'm just ruining the shape here.
[sighs]
[ominous music]
[machine beeping]
[Jae-hak] The BP is still low.
Professor, but this will be difficult.
What did you give?
Epinephrine, 0.05
and dobutamine, 5 micrograms.
Move the epinephrine to 0.1.
JO MUN-JEONG'S BABY, MALE, 3 WEEKS OLD
Raise epinephrine to 0.2.
[anesthetist] Got it, professor,
[machine beeping]
[sighs deeply]
Hello. I'm leaving for the day.
My… you must have a date.
Oh, no, I'm having dinner with my mom.
Hey.
Is Mrs. Lee Su-yeon okay?
She lost a lot of blood during delivery.
Uh, well, the bleeding
has already stopped.
I checked her hemoglobin count.
It's around nine,
and her pulse is around 90.
She's pretty stable now.
Really? She'll be okay, then.
Take it easy.
[panting]
I'm the only one who's stuck here.
[Jun-wan sighs]
[dramatic music]
Honey.
Can we talk for a moment?
COMMON TEMPLATE FORMS
LETTER OF RESIGNATION
Doctor Chu, Do Jae-yeong is experiencing
abdominal pain. Can you check on her?
Please?
Dr. Chu.
This is the second time
I've had to check on her tonight.
Okay, I'll go in and see what's up.
She must be my last patient,
so I should go check on her.
Let's go then.
[groans]
DO JAE-YEONG
[groaning]
Hello, Mrs. Do, let me have a look.
[gasps]
[whimpering]
Ms. Do. Ms. Do, please stay with us.
This looks like placental abruption.
What do we do?
[panting]
[machine beeping]
I'll let the professor know
about the situation.
[panting]
[dial tone trilling]
Professor Yang, Mrs. Do Jae-yeong
needs surgery right away.
She passed a lot of blood clots,
and the baby's pulse
is hovering around 80.
We need you here as soon as possible.
[Seok-hyeong] Get an operating room first
and then call Pediatrics.
Okay, I got it.
[panting]
[dial tone trilling]
Professor, we have a pregnant patient
in critical condition. We need an OR.
She might lose the baby. Please hurry.
It's a placental abruption.
She's bleeding a lot.
Yes, please. As soon as possible.
Thank you.
Doctor, this is Chu Min-ha.
A pregnant patient in week 30
has placental abruption.
We'll begin the surgery right away,
so please come to the OR.
Yes, thank very you much.
[Mrs. Do groaning]
[suspenseful music]
[Seok-hyeong] Sir, I'm sorry
to ask you this,
but my pregnant patient is
in critical condition right now,
so I'm in a rush.
If you get a speeding ticket,
I'm going to take care of it.
I'm really sorry. Please drive
as fast as you can, it's urgent.
[driver] All right.
[car engine revs]
[cell phone ringing]
Min-ha, call whoever you can
get a hold of and get the baby out.
[Min-ha] No one else is available.
The fellow is doing a C-section,
and the chief resident
is performing emergency surgery.
What do I do, professor?
What if Mrs. Do dies?
[sighs]
I'll be there in five.
Seven, including the time
it takes to go up there.
You may need to get the baby out
before then.
You can do it, right?
No, professor, I can't.
I'm just a second-year resident.
[sobbing]
[Seok-hyeong] So you're going to let
the mom and the baby die?
Go and get the baby out!
[sobbing continues]
Put me on speaker.
I'll walk you through it.
I'll tell you exactly what to do,
so don't worry and just get started.
[whimpers]
You can do this, Min-ha.
You just have to stay focused.
-[sobbing]
-[blood rippling]
[machine beeping]
PROFESSOR YANG SEOK-HYEONG
-[machine beeping]
-[Min-ha sniffles]
You have to hurry, her BP will drop.
[sniffles]
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[rattles]
[machine beeping]
[Seok-hyeong] Are her vitals okay?
The bleeding hasn't stopped, professor.
We have to get the baby out ASAP.
Professor Yang.
I'll take it from here.
Go to the other side.
[Min-ha sighs]
[gasping]
The baby's coming out.
[Seok-hyeong sniffs]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[machine beeping]
[ominous music]
[baby cries]
[sighs deeply]
Sweetheart, thank you.
Doctor, the baby is alive.
-[Min-ha sobs]
-[sighs]
First layer, please.
[Min-ha crying]
Well done.
You did well, Dr. Chu.
[sniffs]
Thank you, professor.
[sobbing]
If everything else was good,
a transplant would be an option.
Unfortunately, that is not the case
for your son.
I'm suspecting a genetic disorder,
and, uh, the brain
isn't looking good either.
The heart too.
We just can't keep depending
on the ECMO machine,
so I'm afraid…
there's nothing more we can do.
[dramatic music]
Hun must be in a lot of pain now, right?
We should probably let him go.
Right, Doctor Kim?
-[sniffles]
-[Hun's father] Honey.
I think we should…
We should let Hun go now.
Our poor little boy is suffering…
Don't give him more inotropes.
I'm really sorry.
[both sobbing]
[knocking on door]
Who is it?
-It's me, Min-ha.
-Oh, come in.
-Have a seat.
-[door closes]
That's not my mess, by the way.
That's all his mess.
Oh, I see.
Is that a bribe?
Yeah.
This is perfect. It doesn't look like
I can go home today anyway, so thanks.
I'm sorry, Professor Yang.
For what?
To be completely honest with you,
I've been thinking
that you're kind of obnoxious.
-[coughs]
-You piss me off.
And you know what, professor?
I always thought that you were
emotionally sensitive
and detail-oriented but…
[sighs]
I realized you can be
pretty slow-witted at times,
so I've been bitching about you to myself.
[scoffs]
I'm sorry about that.
Uh, actually I could tell
what was really going on,
but residents have their own rules,
you know.
I always knew you were stressed out.
However, I just didn't know
how I should get involved
and sort out the situation.
I'm sorry.
For not looking out for you.
I have been a little…
I mean, a lot.
I was absolutely hurt enough
and upset, Professor Yang.
Right, I'm sure.
I still have a lot to learn.
[inhales deeply]
If something like this happens again,
hm, I'll definitely step in
and get it all sorted out.
I'm really sorry.
[sniffs]
Oh, it's okay.
I said a lot of mean things about you
to myself, so let's call it even.
[both laugh]
Min-ha.
The truth is, I really prefer
people who are responsible…
over those who are brainy and smart.
You know, on my way here,
the taxi had to stop at a few red lights.
Every time that happened, I got so anxious
thinking you might quit
if we lost the patient.
Do you know how worried I was?
Listen…
I know you'll be a good doctor.
[soft music playing]
You dealt with it responsibly.
You didn't run away,
and you did your very best.
You know what?
You did an excellent job today.
[inhales]
Thank you very much, professor.
-[sniffs]
-You should go and get some sleep.
I'll answer all the calls
regarding Do Jae-yeong.
-Professor Yang.
-Hm?
I'd like to thank you for the tteokbokki.
Ms. Han told me about it a while ago,
so thank you.
Oh, I see. No problem.
[chuckles]
On the day when I totally lost it,
you went and picked up tteokbokki for me
and asked everyone
to take good care of me.
You were the only one
who did that for me, professor.
[chuckles]
She told me not to hate the slow-witted
and sensitive slug too much.
[laughs]
All right. Go, go get some sleep.
Why didn't you tell me any of that?
If you did, I wouldn't have
bitched about you as much.
Well, I figured that bitching about me
would help you de-stress.
Anyway, go get some sleep.
I'm going to wash up now.
[Ik-jun] Thanks for dinner, Dad.
[Jeong-won] Oh, I said
I'd take care of the bill.
Thanks, Seok-hyeong.
-I'd like to pay.
-[owner] Sure.
-And the take-out too.
-[owner] All right.
[gentle music]
Professor Yang.
Enjoy the food.
Thank you, professor.
You really came back because of this?
Yeah, I was worried about Dr. Chu.
Please take good care of her, okay?
She must be stressed out now.
Will do.
Oh, don't tell her that it's from me.
-Okay.
-I'm off.
-Bye.
-Take it easy.
[sighs deeply]
[cell phone ringing]
Oh, hi honey.
Have you had dinner yet?
Yeah, I still have some things
to finish here.
Ah, right now, I'm waiting
because soon we are going to lose
a beautiful baby boy.
I have to say goodbye to the baby.
Hm.
I'll, uh… see you on the weekend, honey.
Hm, thank you.
I love you.
[Seok-min] Oh, wow, it's like you're still
in the honeymoon phase.
[Jae-hak sighs]
What's going on
with your resignation letter?
What did Professor Kim say?
Professor Kim Jun-wan…
has no interest
in other people's personal lives at all.
[sighs deeply]
Even at this moment,
he went to say something very cruel
to the couple
who just lost their baby.
He is so insensitive.
[approaching footsteps]
You two must be devastated.
And I'm sorry to have
to ask you this, knowing that.
May I ask you…
to donate Hun's heart to the hospital?
What he has it's such a rare condition.
If I ever get another patient like Hun…
I wanna be able to save them.
I know this is a lot to ask,
but if you donate Hun's heart to us,
we're gonna study it,
and we'll make sure
that no other baby dies…
-[Hun's mother sobbing]
-…from the same condition.
[both sobbing]
I know that this decision
will be a difficult one,
but please, do consider it.
Again, I'm sorry.
[Hun's mother sobbing]
[somber music]
[machine beeping]
[flatline]
FOR MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS ONLY
DEACTIVATE HUMIDIFIER DURING STANDBY
ACTIVATE STANDBY
Jo Mun-jeong's baby…
passed away…
at 11:05 p.m.
[both sobbing]
Hun…
Daddy is so sorry.
[both sobbing]
I'm so sorry.
[both crying]
[Hun's father] I'm sorry, Hun.
[both wailing]
[chief priest]
Andrea, have you chosen a date?
Father, I have surgeries booked
back-to-back until December.
The earliest would be
sometime at the end of it.
Would that be okay?
[chief priest] Yes, I think so.
They know all about your situation.
So regarding your schedule,
I'm sure they can work something out.
I see. I know you're a busy man.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Ah, no, not yet.
I'm still trying to persuade my mom.
Yeah.
Okay, thank you so much.
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs deeply]
[Jeon] So, Dr. Do,
what brings you to my office?
Oh, I already spoke
with Professor Kim Jun-wan.
Um, but I guess he's really busy.
He hasn't said anything since.
Oh, that.
It's been sorted out. Didn't you hear?
Oh, my letter of resignation was accepted?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the three-month pay cut
they were supposed to give you.
It's been all sorted out.
What?
Uh… Really?
Yes.
You see, the chief of CS turned down
the proposal.
Ah, by "CS," I mean the
Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery.
Regarding residents, each division's chief
makes the final decision.
And as I've said,
the chief of CS turned it down,
which means you don't need
to worry anymore.
You didn't hear about this?
But that position
is still vacant at the moment, right?
It no longer is. It has been…
filled.
[cell phone ringing]
[groans]
Hello?
Who is this?
Hello, professor. It's Jun-wan.
[Jeon] Why are you calling so late?
I'll do it, professor.
I'll take the chief position.
What the heck are you talking about?
Don't you know what time is it?
Hey, you… You, you just said you'll do it.
You can't take this back anymore.
Understood?
Yeah. I'm sorry I woke you up.
Good night, see you at work.
-[cell phone beeps]
-[sighs]
And Jun-wan… I mean, Professor Jun-wan
spoke with the guardian on the phone.
They said they would let it go
if you apologized to them.
And he apologized on your behalf.
He told them that you're one
of the residents he's mentoring
and he promised them that he'll
make sure it won't happen again.
[inhales deeply]
I think he was able
to build rapport with them.
Oh, Kim Jun-wan…
That guy is really good to his students.
If only he was to his professors.
[laughs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[breathes heavily]
KIM JUN-WAN
AHN JEONG-WON
[Jun-wan] Who is it?
It's me, Jae-hak.
[approaching footsteps]
Do you have a black suit?
-Yes.
-Then get changed.
I'll meet you at the lobby.
[sobs]
[Ik-jun] Well…
To sum it all up…
the cancer hasn't metastasized.
-Oh, my gosh.
-[indistinct chatter]
Thank goodness.
Oh, oh…
[laughter]
Oh, thank you.
-[daughter] Thank you, doctor.
-Thank you.
Oh, Dad! You see? You're good.
You're good now.
This means that you can finally eat.
Yes, let's eat.
[all chuckle]
No metastasis found
in your chest, brain, and bones.
Everything looks good,
which is amazing news.
And as planned,
we can just perform the surgery.
It's actually pretty small,
and we found it at an early stage.
Just keep up with the treatment
after the surgery,
and you're going to be all right.
-Thank you.
[Jung-won's wife] Thank you so much.
-[daughter] Oh, Dad, this is great news.
-Okay, sounds good.
Dad, you need to eat something.
[all chuckle]
Am I the only one eating?
Congratulations, sir.
-Oh, thank you.
-I'm really happy for you.
-[daughter] Thank you, ma'am.
-Oh, thank you.
[all chuckle]
-[patient] Congratulations to you, sir.
-Oh, goodness, thank you so much.
Just keep up with the treatment,
and you'll recover in no time.
[Jung-won] Yes, thank you.
Thank you so much.
Oh, right. Have you called
your insurance company?
I'll show you how to do it.
Thank you, everyone.
My father has become much more cheerful
after he moved to this ward.
You cheered him up.
Thank you all for your help.
-[Jung-won] Thank you so much.
-We didn't even do anything.
All we did was chat with him.
-[laughter]
-[daughter] No. That's not true.
You kept him company and cheered him up
when we were running around,
and you helped us stay strong.
It's thanks to you
that to get through this.
Thank you so much, everyone.
[all chuckle]
Thank you. Thank you.
-Oh! Let's have a party!
-[patient] Yeah! Let's do it.
[indistinct chatter]
Yeah!
[all cheer]
[daughter] This is great news.
-[Jae-yeong] Honey.
-[Jae-yeong's husband] Yes?
Can you go and get the doctor
something to drink?
Oh, uh, okay.
Oh, it's all right. There's no need.
We're not thirsty. Thank you.
You must've been in so much pain.
How are you feeling now?
I feel fine now.
Much better than yesterday, for sure.
Doctor, um, thank you very much.
Thank you for saving me and my baby.
Oh, uh, don't thank me.
You should be thanking
Dr. Chu Min-ha here.
Dr. Chu.
Thank you for saving us.
I was such a handful, wasn't I?
I'm sorry.
I swear I'm usually not like that.
I'm really sorry, Dr. Chu.
Oh, no, it's okay, ma'am.
Don't you worry. I completely understand.
I would've been the same way.
[sobbing]
I'm really glad that both you
and your baby are okay.
I'm so thankful that you're safe.
[sobbing]
Thank you.
Don't cry, dear.
[both sobbing]
[both chuckle softly]
["Confession Is Not Flashy" by Kyuhyun]
Hello, Professor Ahn.
Oh, hello, Doctor Jang.
You're, uh, going home early today.
Yeah, I have plans this evening.
With Dr. Chu Min-ha?
No. Not her.
I'll go ahead, Professor Ahn.
["Confession Is Not Flashy" by Kyuhyun]
-Hi, Andrea.
Did you see an angel or something?
-[scoffs]
-What? Why are you all spaced out?
It's cold. Get in.
[Jeong-won] Okay.
[Ik-jun] "He has cancer."
As soon as I said that,
his whole family froze.
His family must've felt like
their world was collapsing.
It's something you'd only hear in dramas.
Fortunately, it didn't spread,
so his family is having a party tonight.
Oh, really?
Yeah, with other patients in the ward.
Before his surgery?
Um-hm.
[clicks tongue]
What a happy family. I envy them.
[Ik-jun] Yeah,
they're such a happy family.
He has two daughters.
But ever since he checked
into the hospital,
they haven't been going to work
or to the library to study for a test.
His family stopped
doing everything else to look after him.
[sighs]
It's unfortunate that he's ill.
But, uh, it's so nice to see.
That's how a family should be.
They inspired me to call my old man.
A while ago, I went to see a patient
who's recovering from her C-section.
And I could see just
how much her husband loves her.
From the way he was looking at her,
I could tell that he loves her very much.
And you know what, it made me feel
all warm and fuzzies.
-Get remarried, then.
-Right back at you.
What about Jun-wan?
Oh, he has plans tonight.
He said to just go without him.
He lost him, guys.
He's going absolutely crazy
about this girl!
What kind of woman is he even dating?
I wish I could meet her.
You know what,
with Ik-jun's fingers like that
and Jun-wan bailing on us,
why don't we just practice another time?
What are you talking about?
Hey, my fingers are fine.
Had you not tied them so tightly
in the first place,
it wouldn't have taken this long to heal.
Jeez, doctors who go overboard
are always the problem.
What the hell?
I got to the wedding 30 minutes late
because of you.
Why even go to a stranger's wedding
to begin with?
I was late because of you.
My hand is like this because of you.
[Song-hwa] I shouldn't have helped you.
You're banned from my office.
[Ik-jun] All right, then you're banned
from my office too.
-[Seok-hyeong] Ooh.
-[Ik-jun] What is it?
-[Seok-hyeong] Nothing. never mind.
-[Ik-jun] You little…
[Song-hwa] Jeez.
["With My Tears" playing]
♪ Around the time
When the stars outside my window ♪
♪ Start to fade away one by one ♪
♪ I write a letter to the sky ♪
♪ You left me for another man ♪
♪ But I still can't forget you ♪
♪ So I gather my tears ♪
♪ And send them to the sky ♪
♪ Even if you don't love me ♪
♪ I will lie down by your side ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ Because I can't forget you ♪
♪ I will just keep on loving you ♪
♪ My darling, I will wait for you ♪
♪ When my tear-filled letter
Reaches the sky ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You will come back to me someday ♪
♪ Back to me ♪
♪ I believe that you will
With all my tears ♪
"WITH ALL MY TEARS"
♪ Even if you don't love me ♪
♪ I will lie down by your side ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ Because I can't forget you ♪
♪ I will just keep on loving you ♪
♪ My darling, I will wait for you ♪
♪ When my tear-filled letter
Reaches the sky ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You will come back to me someday ♪
♪ Back to me ♪
Doctor…
♪ My darling, I will wait for you ♪
♪ When my tear-filled letter
Reaches the sky ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ You will come back to me someday ♪
♪ Back to me ♪
♪ I believe that you will ♪
♪ With all my tears ♪
[sobbing]
[paramedic 1] Can you please
tell us what your name is?
[siren blaring]
Have you been experiencing
dizziness or vomiting?
How's your vision? Can you see clearly?
911 RESCUE SERVICE
AMBULANCE
-[paramedic 2] Let's move the patient.
-[paramedic 1] Okay.
[both grunting]
[parademic 1] How are you feeling?
Are you feeling any pain?
Stay with us.
[ominous music]
-[machine beeping]
-[breathes rapidly]
[panting]
[somber music]
[sobbing]
[bright music]
[Seok-hyeong] I cried and begged her
on my knees to leave him.
I know life is short
and we could be happier.
[Song-hwa] Your daughter's condition
was life-threatening,
it's too early to say
if she'll wake up or not.
We need to give it more time.
[Seok-hyeong] I'm so worried right now.
Mr. Ju has been experiencing
symptoms of depression.
What?
[Song-hwa] The AVM is ruptured
so it caused ICH in the cerebellum.
[nurse 3] Hey, are you all right?
[yells]
What's going on here?
-[Ik-jun] What's wrong?
-[Su-bin] The patient Oh Yu-min
is really not doing very well.
-What do we do? We don't have time.
-[Song-hwa] I'm at fault.
And I promise to have it all sorted out.
[Ik-jun] It's raining.
Shall we go for a drive?
[Ik-sun] You said
you have plans this evening.
You're not interested in getting married?
But the guy kept asking her to marry him,
and Ik-sun actually liked him enough
and changed her mind about it.
But you know this kind
of conversation is pointless, right?
What's gonna happen to us?
Hey, it's Gyeo-ul.
[Ik-jun] He lied to you, remember?
And he's always so cold towards you.
You still like him?
[Seok-hyeong] One more month to go.
And all of this, this will all be over.
["Beautiful My Love" by Urban Zakapa]